Test with GPU and `m+t4` machines (#533)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: docs/resources/task.md

- `region` - (Optional) [Cloud region/zone](#cloud-region) to run the task on.
- `machine` - (Optional) See [Machine Types](#machine-type) below.

> - `disk_size` - (Optional) Size of the ephemeral machine storage in GB. `-1`: automatic based on `image`.

Reviewer: automatic means what? Guessing image but not sure.

Reviewer 2: Agree. More than one might pitfall in not having enough space for the project. 
How does TPI handle not having enough space when syncing data? 🤔

Author: Automatic `disk_size = image_size`

Author: It simplifies considerably the basic use cases, and users can always increase it. Is either that or putting `disk_size = 150` on all the examples.

Reviewer 2: > It simplifies considerably the basic use cases, and users can always increase it. Is either that or putting disk_size = 150 on all the examples.

I find it better to set a min/default size due to what I say. Users do an example and suddenly it does not work due to sync data

Author: > _I find it better to set a min/default size_

Which would be 150 GB for cross–provider compatibility with the official machine images.

Reviewer 2: Is this change indeed not breaking anything?

Author: Tests are green

Reviewer 2: Speaking about examples / tutorials

Author: > _Suddenly it does not work due to sync data_

It's a risk, of course, but we can't account for the data needs of every user 🙃

Author: > _Speaking about examples / tutorials_

Nope. This change is fully backwards compatible for all the examples/tutorials I am aware of.

Author: In fact, this pull request is the only way for the Jupyter example to work on every cloud

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative/pull/543#issuecomment-1111031249; free space is not a concern at all.

The Iterative Provider offers some common machine images which are roughly the same for all supported clouds.

- `ubuntu` - Official [Ubuntu LTS](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LTS) image (currently 20.04).

> - `nvidia` - Official Ubuntu LTS with CUDA (currently 11.3) images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nvidia` - Official Ubuntu LTS with NVIDIA GPU drivers and CUDA toolkit (currently 11.3).
```
